docs: improving minikube setup documentation (#12984)
rook/rook: Documentation/Contributing/development-environment.md

!!! note
    If Helm is not available in your `PATH`, Helm will be downloaded to a temporary directory (`/tmp/rook-tests-scripts-helm`) and used from that directory.

## Using local Rook image on minikube cluster

Developers can test quickly their changes by building and using the local Rook image
on their minikube cluster.

1) Set the local Docker environment to use minikube:

```console
eval $(minikube docker-env -p minikube)
```

2) Build your local Rook image. The following command will generate a Rook image
labeled in the format `local/ceph-<arch>`.

```console
cd <your_rook_src_direcotry>

> make BUILD_REGISTRY=local

Reviewer: make IMAGES="ceph" build

Reviewer 2: Ceph is the only image since other storage providers were removed, and `build` is the default make action, so that `make` command by itself should be sufficient.

!!! note
    If Helm is not available in your `PATH`, Helm will be downloaded to a temporary directory (`/tmp/rook-tests-scripts-helm`) and used from that directory.

## Using local Rook image on minikube cluster

Developers can test quickly their changes by building and using the local Rook image
on their minikube cluster as following:

> 1) Set minikube Docker environment variables:

Reviewer 3: Why is this step neede?

Author: Otherwise `kubectl` will use your local docker setup (instead of the minikube's). @travisn  please, can you double check just in case I'm mistaken.

Reviewer 2: Yes this is correct, this is how you can build from your laptop console to use docker inside minikube. Then no need to move the image into minikube after building.
```suggestion
1) Set the local Docker environment to use minikube:
```

```console
eval $(minikube docker-env -p minikube)
```

2) Build your local Rook image:
```console
cd <your_rook_src_direcotry>
make
```

3) This will generate a Rook image which label has the format `build-xxxxxxxx/ceph-amd64`. Following
is an example output from the build process:

> ```console

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to remove the output logs. The logs might change in future.

Author: @sp98 I put them because as of my personal experience it's hard to know where this tag is coming from. Giving a sample from the output makes it easy for the user to find the tag. If it changes in the future we should update the docs :)

Reviewer 2: Instead of showing the build output, how about showing the image name as a result of `docker images`?

Author: using the argument BUILD_REGISTRY (suggested by Blaine) to specify the name of the build the image name is deterministic and there's no need to put additional context so I'm just removing the build output.

> make
> ```
> 
> 3) This will generate a Rook image which label has the format `build-xxxxxxxx/ceph-amd64`. Following
> is an example output from the build process:
> ```console
> === container build build-bd31c1d7/ceph-amd64
> generate csv with latest operator-sdk
> Generating bundle
> Generating bundle manifests
> Building a ClusterServiceVersion without an existing base
> ```
> 
> 4) Tag the generated image as `rook/ceph:master` so operator will pick it
> ```console
> docker tag 'build-bd31c1d7/ceph-amd64 'rook/ceph:master'

Reviewer 4: Suggestions to make the build image consistent, and predictable based on arch as well. Ignore suggested changes for grave accents, as I just had to do that for GH formatting.

```suggestion
make BUILD_REGISTRY=local
'''

3) This will generate a Rook image which label has the format `local/ceph-amd64`. Following
is an example output from the build process:
'''console
=== container build local/ceph-amd64
generate csv with latest operator-sdk
Generating bundle
Generating bundle manifests
Building a ClusterServiceVersion without an existing base
'''

4) Tag the generated image as `rook/ceph:master` so operator will pick it
'''console
docker tag "local/ceph-$(go env GOARCH)" 'rook/ceph:master'
```

Reviewer 2: > Ignore suggested changes for grave accents, as I just had to do that for GH formatting.

What forced you to use ''' instead of ```? The ''' makes the diff hard to understand.

Author: @travisn he is using the argument `BUILD_REGISTRY` to specify the name of the build. I like the idea as it makes the build name deterministic and I can avoid adding the sample from the build output (which real goal was to guide the developer to find the name of the build)

```

> 5) Restart the operator

Reviewer 3: do we expect the operator to be running already?

Author: Well, it could not be the case. What about something like:

`Start the operator (or restart if it's already running)`
